Help_layout.md, before:

| **Name** | **cwHierarchyOnObjectPage** | **Version** | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Updated by** | Mathias PFAUWADEL | 1.0 |


## Patch Notes

* 1.0 : 1st version working

## Description 
Allow you to display hierarchy in an objectPage. This is a specific not a layout.

## Screen Shot
Here we have a hierarchy of process related with the association type (is child of/is parent of). With the specific we can display the hierachy in the title of the process

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/1.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

## Setup

### Node in Evolve

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/2.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

This node configuration need to be done for EACH view where you want to display the hierarchy.
For good naming convention, you should use BreadcrumbHierarchy {nameOfTheView}. The hierarchy will apply as long as the node id start with BreadcrumbHierarchy . Remember the node id need to be unique.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/3.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

Use the custom Display string to put separator between the different element of the hierarchy

### On the js code

You need to add the following line with the view you want to use the hierarchy.
Add the line to this file : \Evolve\Site\bin\webDesigner\custom\Marketplace\libs\cwHierarchyOnObjectPage\src\hierarchyOnObjectPage.js

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/4.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

Ps : this line can also be add in your main.js, if you have multiple deployments

## Multiple elements

If an element has multiple parent, the specific will display the number of parents
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/5.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

Commit message:

adding history, and list when multiple process

Help_layout.md, after:

| **Name** | **cwHierarchyOnObjectPage** | **Version** | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Updated by** | Mathias PFAUWADEL | 1.0 |


## Patch Notes

* 1.0 : 1st version working

## Description 
Allow you to display hierarchy in an objectPage. This is a specific not a layout, but the installation procedure is the same than cpm layout. https://github.com/casewise/cpm


## Screen Shot
Here we have a hierarchy of process related with the association type (is child of/is parent of). With this specific we can display the hierachy in the title of the process

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/1.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

## Setup

### Node in Evolve

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/2.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

We will use the node configuration to define the association that we will use to define our hierarchy.

This node configuration need to be done for EACH view where you want to display the hierarchy.
For good naming convention, you should use BreadcrumbHierarchy {nameOfTheView}. The hierarchy will apply as long as the node id start with BreadcrumbHierarchy. Remember the node id need to be unique. The node can be placed in any tab of the view.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/3.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

Use the custom Display string on all layout list of the BreadcrumbHierarchy node to define the separator between the differents elements of the hierarchy

### On the js code


On this file \Evolve\Site\bin\webDesigner\custom\Marketplace\libs\cwHierarchyOnObjectPage\src\hierarchyOnObjectPage.js, add the different view where you want the hierarchy to apply.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/4.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>

Ps : this line can also be add in your main.js, if you have multiple deployments

## Multiple elements

If an element has multiple parent, the specific will display the number of parents
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nevakee716/cwHierarchyOnObjectPage/master/screen/5.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 95%;"/>


## Cohabitation with other specific

Here is a list of all the specific and the function they modified. If you have other personnal specific that use the same function, you will need to merge them in to the main.js
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19Mi3LsdQlRuTGFAZiGtLFPGcLhrScWZFTSsm-qQ_BiY/edit#gid=0
